Update update-user-profile-task.adoc (#72)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/update-user-profile-task.adoc

When you log into the configured IdP for the first time, an Anypoint user is created using your IdP information. 

> Your user profile includes a username, your name, and email address. Typically, the OpenID Connect `userinfo` endpoint provides a `preferred_username` claim that contains the authenticated user’s username. However, some IdPs such as OpenAM and PingFederate do not support the `preferred_username` claim. Therefore, when Anypoint Platform creates a user, the `email` and `subclaims` values comprise the username if the `preferred_username` claim isn't present. The claims are made in the following order: `preferred_username`, `email`, `sub`.

Author: ```suggestion
Your user profile includes a username, your name, and email address. Typically, the OpenID Connect `userinfo` endpoint provides a `preferred_username` claim that contains the authenticated user’s username. However, some IdPs such as OpenAM and PingFederate do not support the `preferred_username` claim. Therefore, when Anypoint Platform creates a user, the `email` and `subclaims` values comprise the username if the `preferred_username` claim isn't present.  Claims are made in the following order: `preferred_username`, `email`, `sub`. If a username is created as a single string of random characters and does not have an email address defined, the string may be returning the `sub` claim that the id token and userinfo endpoint shows for the user.

When you log into the configured IdP for the first time, an Anypoint user is created using your IdP information. 

Your user profile includes a username, your name, and email address. Typically, the OpenID Connect `userinfo` endpoint provides a `preferred_username` claim that contains the authenticated user’s username. However, some IdPs such as OpenAM and PingFederate do not support the `preferred_username` claim. Therefore, when Anypoint Platform creates a user, the `email` and `subclaims` values comprise the username if the `preferred_username` claim isn't present.

> Claims are made in the following order: `preferred_username`, `email`, `sub`. If a username is created as a single string of random characters and does not have an email address defined, the string may be returning the `sub` claim that the id token and userinfo endpoint shows for the user. 

Reviewer: "may be returning": That sounds odd to me. Perhaps "might return"?

Author: This changes the meaning. The string has already been returned.

Reviewer: I didn't get that.

> Claims are made in the following order: `preferred_username`, `email`, `sub`. If a username is created as a single string of random characters and does not have an email address defined, the string may be returning the `sub` claim that the id token and userinfo endpoint shows for the user. 

Reviewer: Isn't every username "a single string of random characters"?

Author: No. The username is pulled from `preferred_username` or `email` and `subclaims`, as stated above.

Reviewer: @sarathecoubian Yeah, but the values of those things must be single strings of random characters.

Author: They're not random if they're defined.

> Claims are made in the following order: `preferred_username`, `email`, `sub`. If a username is created as a single string of random characters and does not have an email address defined, the string may be returning the `sub` claim that the id token and userinfo endpoint shows for the user. 

Reviewer: "that the id token and userinfo endpoint shows":
1. The verb should be "show".
2. How do a token and endpoint "show" something? Do you mean that the claim is part of the value of the token and of the value of the endpoint?

Author: ```suggestion
Claims are made in the following order: `preferred_username`, `email`, `sub`. If a username is created as a single string of random characters and does not have an email address defined, the string may be returning the `sub` claim that the id token and userinfo endpoint show for the user. 
```

> To update user profile information from your configured IdP, log into Anypoint Platform through the IdP. Your user profile information is updated within Anypoint Platform using the updates from the IdP.

Reviewer: "IdP" should be "IDP", right?

Author: No.

> To update user profile information from your configured IdP, log into Anypoint Platform through the IdP. Your user profile information is updated within Anypoint Platform using the updates from the IdP.

Reviewer: I did not understand this paragraph.
"To update user-profile information from your configured IDP": Do you mean "To update your Anypoint Platform user profile with information from your configured IDP, log into Anypoint Platform through the IDP."?
"Your user-profile information is updated within Anypoint Platform using the updates from the IDP": Perhaps "When you log in, your user profile is automatically updated with the information."?

Author: I didn't modify this, so I don't know, but I suppose that works.

Author: ```suggestion
To update user profile information from your configured IdP, log into Anypoint Platform through the IdP. When you log in, your user profile is automatically updated with the information from the IdP.
```
